Mexico
If you are looking for plenty of activities, nice beaches and lots of options then Mexico is the place. You have the Gulf side with white sand and turquoise water. Cancun is the busy tourist area with nightlife, great beaches and high-rise resorts offering great water views. Playa del Carmen has the small-town charm if you want to shop, visit some local bars or take a ferry to Cozumel. A newer and growing area is Playa Mujeres and Costa Mujeres located around 45 minutes north of Cancun. I was very impressed on my first visit to the area. More resorts are opening soon so you can plenty of adult only or family choices while still able to enjoy some tranquility. The beaches are still quiet but long and wide but many open spaces not yet developed. You are still close enough to Cancun for excursions. Be sure to take a catamaran cruise to Isla Mujeres. Then ride a golf cart around the quaint island.
If you are like me relaxing on the beach is nice but I need things to do. There are so many exciting excursions that you can enjoy. Xplor Fuego is one of my favorites with plenty of activities such as ziplining and ATV. You can take the day tour or Fuego starts in the evening. Snorkel and scuba trips are popular since you are close to Cozumel known for its famous reef.
The Pacific side offers some great photo opportunities with its gorgeous mountains bordering the coastline. It is different with blue water and darker sand. Whale watching is popular in the winter/spring season. Cabo has Los Arcos which I recommend everyone visit at least once in their lifetime. Puerto Vallarta has its own charm with history and sits on Banderas Bay. The northern side called Riviera Nayarit has a long stretch of beach. The marina has some great resorts near the airport. Malecon is the downtown section which is fun during the day and night. If you travel farther south there is a nice little town called Huatulco. It is a newer tourist area if you truly want to relax. The town consists of several bays so you have quieter water and easy trip to the downtown square.  I will help you find the perfect location and resort for your travel needs.
